Chore: cleanup & 0.58.4 (#88)
react-native-community/react-native-releases: README.md

[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/react-native-community/react-native-releases.svg)](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/issues) ![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)

Stay up-to-date with the release activities of [React Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/) by [watching](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/subscription) for [status reports](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22release+status%22). Or you can follow along as the release notes are prepared and help reviewing the overall [changelog](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## Release Status Issues

Progress towards release is tracked in issues, based on labels:

- _release status_: here you can read the status for the future/RC level releases
- _stable_: here you can read the status for the current stable release
- _backport requests_: here you can request cherry-picks for the current stable release, that will be included in the next patch version

> Note that these issues are made to keep conversation focused strictly on the status of each one - please refrain from going OT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these issues are made to keep the conversation focused strictly on the status of each one - please refrain from going off-topic.
```

## Changelog

> The changelog in this repository is a community-provided effort to provide a helpful and informative summary of React Native's rapidly changing codebase along with the full list of commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The changelog in this repository is a community-driven effort to provide a helpful and informative summary of React Native's rapidly changing codebase along with a full list of commits.
```
